narrator: drive real traffic across the three-peer mesh.
narrator: the bringup script is idempotent — fast when already up.
narrator: docker compose pulls cached images; build is warm.
narrator: the mesh converges to READY before the traffic burst.
narrator: discover peer-2 and peer-3 IPs from peer-1 status output.
narrator: control-plane ping rides the encrypted tailscale plane.
narrator: a second ping to peer-3 confirms full-mesh reachability.
narrator: a tiny busybox HTTP target boots inside peer-2.
narrator: peer-1 fetches bytes from peer-2 — the data plane is live.
narrator: the policy CRUD endpoint is the placeholder for post-Hub.
narrator: teardown — a clean handoff to the metrics tape.